Announce synonyms, advanced search, mission table, sample code, sparks, schema release - do not merge (#2965)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/news._index/route.mdx

## 2025

    <CollectionItem
      className="maxw-none grid-container"
      variantComponent={

>         <CollectionCalendarDate datetime={'April 14, 2025'} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <CollectionCalendarDate datetime="April 14, 2025" />
```

      }
    >
      <CollectionHeading headingLevel="h3">

>         <Anchor>Circulars Archive Viewable by Event </Anchor>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <Anchor>New! Browse Circulars by Event</Anchor>
```

      </CollectionHeading>
      <CollectionDescription>

>         The Circulars archive now provides two options for viewing and searching:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        By popular demand, you can now view Circulars grouped by event. In the [Circulars archive](/circulars), you can now toggle between two view modes:
```

>           - Circulars View

Reviewer: Instead of a doubly-nested unordered list, for more typographical emphasis, make `Circulars View` and `Events View` two subheadings.

            - Standard view of Circulars sorted inversely by Circular ID.

>             - Search bar searches for text strings (e.g. 250101A) or Circulars numbers (e.g. 12345).

Reviewer: These are not complete sentences.

          - Events View

>             - Lists astronomical events (e.g. GRB250101A, S250101, EP250101a) with toggle to show all Circulars associated with that event and a link to a page that lists all Circulars in sequence similar to the GCN Classic Circulars Archive.

Reviewer: It's not a toggle. You can expand and collapse events to view the Circulars that belong to them.

            - Search by eventID (e.g. GRB 250101A)

>             - Astronomically-associated events with multiple names (e.g. GRB 250101A, EP250101a) will be manually associated into event groups by the GCN Team.  All Circulars associated with any member of the event group will be listed in that Event View and can be searched by any member of that group.  If you would like to suggest event names that should be in the same event group, please [contact the GCN Team](/support).

Reviewer: Remove passive voice.

          **Events View**
          - View a list of astronomical events (e.g. [GRB 250101A](/circulars?view=group&query=GRB+250101A), [LIGO/Virgo/KAGRA S250331o](/circulars?view=group&query=LIGO%2FVirgo%2FKAGRA+S250331o), [EP250101a](/circulars?view=group&query=EP250101a)), expand to show all Circulars associated with that event, or tap the event name to see all related Circulars in sequence (similar to the GCN Classic Circulars archive).
          - Use the search bar to search by event name (e.g. GRB 250404A).
          - The GCN Team manually associates events with multiple names (e.g. [GRB 250404A, EP250404a](/circulars/events/grb-250404a)) into event groups. You can view all Circulars associated with any member of an event group by selecting that event in the event view.  You can also search for an event by any event name that group.  If you would like to suggest additional event names that should be in the same event group, please [contact the GCN Team](/support).

        See [additional documentation](/docs/circulars/archive) on event view, event names, and event groups.

        ### Circulars Advanced Search

>         The [Circulars archive](/circulars) now allows users to search for keywords by Subject, Body, and Submitter. Select the "Advanced Search" dropdown to view and copy example syntax. See [documentation](/docs/circulars/archive#advanced-search) for more details, examples, and compound query logic.

Reviewer: It's not a dropdown.

        ### Mission Notices Table

>         The GCN [Missions Page](/missions) now contains a table listing the status of all current, recently archived, and onboarding Notices producers.  You can find what formats and distribution mechanisms are available for all Notice types, and links to prefilled email signup and the Kafka code sample generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The [Missions page](/missions) now contains a table listing the status of all current, past, and upcoming Notices producers.  You can learn about the formats and distribution mechanisms that are available for every Notice type. There are links to prefilled email signup and the Kafka code sample generation.
```

Links to prefilled email signup what?

        ### Notices Sample Code

>         Python [Sample code](/docs/sample) serves as a starting point for consumers of GCN Notices for functions including consuming Kafka messages, parsing plain text, VOEvent XML, and JSON format notices, interacting with HEALPix maps.  We have also included producer sample code for encoding embedded data (e.g. HEALPix maps).  The GCN Team welcomes contributions of additional sample code that might be of use to our community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        [Sample code](/docs/sample) serves as a starting point for consumers of GCN Notices for functions including consuming Kafka messages, parsing plain text, VOEvent XML, and JSON format notices, and interacting with HEALPix maps.  We have also included producer sample code for encoding embedded data (e.g. HEALPix maps).  The GCN Team welcomes contributions of additional sample code that might be of use to our community.
```

        ### Apache Spark Kafka client

>         A Python [Apache Spark Kafka client setup example](/docs/client#pyspark) is available for Spark users. [Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org) is a multi-language engine for executing data engineering, data science, and machine learning on single-node machines or clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        We added [Kafka client sample code for Apache Spark](/docs/client#pyspark). [Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org) is a multi-language engine for executing data engineering, data science, and machine learning on single-node machines or clusters.
```
